I would like to make Ravioli
I feel like Mashed Potatoes.  Can you help?
Show me some Lobster dishes.
Is there anything with lots of mayonaise in it?
I want a new recipe for salad dressing that uses balsamic vinegar.
How about something more spicy?
I want to use the barbeque.
I would like something baked
I like to bake
I want to do a stir fry
What is in it?
Can I get that with strawberries?
I don't eat beef
What is the cook time of the last dish you showed me.
Show me 3 dishes with meat that take less than 30 minutes to cook.
Show me a recipe with steak, rice, and potatoes
Can you change the potatoes with mashed potatoes?
Can you find something with mashed potatoes?
Can you find something with grilled potatoes?
What recipes do you have with chicken and apples?
I have some chicken, beef, onions, rice, potatoes and mustard in the frig, what can I make?
What recipe can I make with pork?
I like rosemary and cardamon and other spices.
How do you braise food?
What can I do that involves braising meat
What about using Roasted Vegetables?
What do you think of Carrots and Brussels Sprouts
Can you add more vegetables to this dish?
Can you mix pork with chicken?
Can you show me a Chicken Sandwich recipe, but with steak instead?
I am trying to lose weight, what do you suggest?
I am a Sumo wrestler
I am gymnast
I am trying to gain weight.
I have problem with bowel movements.
Can you suggest something that is healthy?
Can you suggest something healthier?
Can you get me something like the last recipe but sugarless?
Are you single?
Do you like to cook?
Why did you use those ingredients?
Please find another similar recipe.
Can you give me the same recipe but for 4 people?
I would like a dish with low calories and lots of fiber.
How do you make mashed potatoes?
Can you suggest something healthier?
Can you suggest a more fattening dish?
What dessert should I make today?
It should have some chocolate.
I hate truffles
I am busy, can we get on with it?
You are cute.
I am having a party.  I want to impress everyone.  What do you suggest?
I want a breakfast with preparation time less than 15 minutes.
I want some Chinese food that includes pork and broccoli.
You know what I like.  What recipe would you reccommend for a warm summer day like today?
What are the other recipes?
Can Canola Oil be substituted for Olive Oil?
What can I substitute for Olive Oil that is healthy?
Do you have any healthy chocolate desert recipes?
How many cups of flour does it need?
Do any of them have Apples?
How about pears?
Do any recipes exclude fruits and vegetables?
Show me another one.
This is too spicy.
Remove the ingredients.
This might be too sweet.
Remove half the sugar.
This is too sweet.
Please use much less sugar.
Can you make the recipe lighter?
Why is that better?
I want to cook some ham.
The first one.
Yea.
Ok.
Why is that better?
I like brown rice.
I like eating healthy.
I'd like Mexican Food?
What about for Brekfast?
Recipes with kumquats?
What ingredients do the recipes have?
Find something fast to cook.
Ok, can I have a recipe already?
Include black beans and eggs!
What can I use instead of vegetable oil?
How many cups of salsa does the recipe call for?
I like this recipe.
I prefer apples over oranges.
I hate artichoke hearts.

I am trying to lose weight, what meat recipes do you have that is less than 400 calories?
Do you have any recipes that are high in complex carborhydrates?
I want a drink.
I want to make a drink.
I want to try a drink.
I want to try a random drink.
random drink.
I need to plan drinks for a party.
Plan drinks.
Plan drinks for a party.
Recommend drinks.
Recommend me a drink I can get at a bar.
Recommend me a drink with vodka.
Recommend me an orange flavored drink.
Give me the recipe for a beadlestone cocktail.
Give me something strong.
recipe for beadlestone cocktail.
I need a recipe.
I need mixing instructions.
List drinks that have vodka.
I need drinks that have vodka.
List drinks that don't have vodka.
List me drinks that don't have vodka.
List any drink that doesn't have vodka.
List some drinks that doesn't have vodka.
What are some drinks that don't have vodka?
Recommend me something else.
How about something else.
List another.
Recommend another.
Recommend another drink.
Show me the recipe
What's a fancy drink?
What's a simple drink?
What's a simple drink with vodka?
What are drinks similar to a Dark and Stormy?
Are there any drinks like a Dark and Stormy but without rum?
What kind of rum to you recommend for a Dark and Stormy?
What different kinds of rums are there?
Recommend a lighter drink?
Recommend a stronger drink?
Recommend a drink with more ingredients.
Recommend a drink with less ingredients.
Recommend a sweeter drink.


I want to try a new drink.
Can I try something new?
What do I need to make a daiquiri?
What can I make with grenadine?
I want to make something with the ingredients in my cabinet.
I want to make a Martini.
What can I do with absinthe?
Do you have anything strong?
I need a stiff drink.
How do I make a martini with tequila?
I'm going to a bar and I want to try something I haven't had before.
I'm going to a party. What should I try?
What's cheap?
Give me something popular.
I'm having a party, what drinks can I make from my cabinet?
What's a drink that has lemon and vermouth?
What goes in a margarita?
I want something with tequila.
What type of alcohol is Beefeater?

Yes
How do I make that?
The first one.
Yes, I want to make that.
Show me three.
Sure.
Ok.
Sounds good.
Perfect.
What's in it?
I like vodka.
I like drinks with vodka.
I like sweet drinks.
I like fancy drinks.

No
That sounds terrible.
No, I want something else.
I don't like Gin.
I don't like vodka.
No, I want a different drink.
I don't really want a margarita.
Is there something smiler without lime?
What about something sweeter?
I don't like vodka.
Gross.
How about something stronger.
Is there something similar with lime?
How about something a littler different.
I still don't like vodka.
I told you I don't like vodka.

I like pie.
Pie is good.
I love to enjoy pie.
Pie can be so great when it has cherries.
If this pie had cherries I would love it.
I think pie would be good if it didnt have cherries.
I would like banana with chocolate.
For dinner I would like to have chicken.
I feel like pasteries.
I want to have cheese and would like bread with it.
Can I have something spicy?
I would like a desert?
What types of sandwhichs recipes do you know?
Do you know any asian food?
I am going to church and want to know a religious recipe.
What type of recipes do you have with blueberries?
What type of foods can I make for thanksgiving?
I would like to make a simple food, what should I make?
I would like to make something that takes under 20 minutes.
I am lactose, what can I make with vegetables without eggs and dairy.
I dont think I would like any foods with carrots.
I hate eating vegetables.
Bananas taste horrible.
I would like a spicy food without chiles.
I dont want anything holiday themed.
I dislike pairs.
I do not like mexican food.
I dont like vegetables.
The apples I buy are bad.
I dont want any deserts with nuts.

How much is a dozen eggs?
How much would a carton of milk cost?
This recipe calls for 2 teaspoons of vanila extract,
how much would that cost?
How much would this meal cost?
I have 5$, can I buy any sandwhichs with that much money?
I would like to buy 7 meals under 50$, what can I buy?
I would like the cheapest dinner meal.
I just got a raise and want something expensive.
How many apples does 2$ buy?
Can I buy a cheese pizza for under 3$?

What is in a chicken-pot-pie?
I want a desert with cherries and strawberries.
I would like a salad with a dressing.
What pizzas have meat?
What are the ingredients for a hawaiian pizza?
I have tomateos, what can I make?
Are there any sandwhichs without balony?
What meat is there is mystery meat?
How many strawberries do I need for a strawberry pie?
Does a roasted turkey have garlic in it?
What ingredients can I find in a Chocolate Covered Banana?
Are there cherries in a Chocolate Covered Banana?
Is there chocolate in Chocolate Covered Bananas?
Can you find Chocolate Covered Bananas without chocolate?
I want something with chocolate.
How many cherries are in a Fudge Sundae?
What types of cherries are in a Fudge Sundae?
Can I have something with chocolate in it?

I would like to make a meal under 20 minutes.
What is the quickest meal I can make?
Will basting a turkey take longer than 2 hours?
How long would it take to make a fudge sundae?
How long would it take to make these 3 dishes?
Are there any pizzas with a prep time under 22 minutes?
Is it possible to make banana bread in an hour?
I have 30 minutes, what can I make?
What desert has the longest prep time?
Can I make this meal in an hour?
Is there any food that takes less than 10 minutes but more than 5?
How long would it take to make cheese pizza and peporoni pizza?
I would like to have any food that can take less than 5 minutes.
Can I have a list of prep times for all desserts?
How many desserts take less than 30 minutes to prepare?
I would like a grilled cheese sandwich that takes exactly 3 minutes.

I would like something soft.
I like tasty food.
I like food which doesn't taste like mexican food.
I like ingredients which are low in fat.
I like food which is low in calories.
I want something which has a lot of fat.
Can you recommend me something I would like based on my preferences?
Can you recommend me something which is spicy?
Can you tell me which food is low in calories?
Can you tell me which ingredients are high in sodium?
Do you have any recommendations for me?
Do you have any recommendations for food with chile?
Can you recommend me food which has sugar?
Can you recommend me food which doesn't have any sugar?
Do you know how many calories are in a hamburger?
Do you know how many sugars are in a grilled cheese sandwich?
I would like a sandwich, which doesn't contain onions.
I would like a sandwich, which does not contain onions.
I would like something which contains onions.
Can you recommend me food which contains onions?
Do you have any food that doesn't taste like onions?
Can you recommend any food to me which will not make me smell like onions?
Do you happen to know how many hamburgers I can eat in a day?
What is the cheapest hamburger I can make?
What is the most expensive hamburger I can make?
What is the cheapest sandwich I can make?

How much does it cost?
Does it have any cherries?
Can you show me it's ingredients.
How many ingredients does it have?
What type of food is it?
How long would that take to make?
Would it take less than an hour to make that?
If I bought 5 of those, how much would it cost?
It would be nice.
Are there any of those under 5$?
Hello.
Goodbye.
Tell me your recipes.
What do you know how to make?
Tell me about the sandwiches.
I want to make a sandwich.
What is a BLT?
Is it like a club sandwich?
How do I make a BLT.
Okay.
I don't really like nuts.
I have lots of people here so I need to make a lot of food.
I need to make dinner for two.
I'd like to make some homemade salsa.
How many cups are in 12 ounces?
Show me some snacks that are low in calories please.
What can I make with a few bananas and some strawberries?
I need to make something with this cheese.
Tell me how to make a chocolate birthday cake.
I need to make breakfast fast.
I want to make something easy.
I'm allergic to peanuts.
I'm lactose intollerant.
What are some foods that begin with the letter J?
How do you cook corned brisket?
Can you help me find a recipe?
How much flower do I need to make brownies?
Which has the least flower?
I want something very flavorful
I want to barbeque some chicken
I don't like these recipies
Tell me more about the cake recipe
How much sugar is in that recipe
Please exclude recipes with almonds
I want to bake a cake
That is too salty
I want something buttery
Could you find me something gross
I want twice as much sugar
I would like to make pasta
How do you make pasta?
I would like to make something with carrots.
What can I make with carrots and broccoli?
Only show me breakfasts.
Only show me vegitarian meals.
I am vegitarian.
I want to make something spicy.
Lets start over.
I dont like that.
Can you suggest something else?
I want to make a quick meal.
I want to make a meal in under 20 minutes.
I want to make a meal that doesn't require the oven.
What can I use instead of foie gras?
How do I make scrambled eggs?
How much would two large eggs cost?
I have tomatoes, carrots, celery and onions.
What can I make with tomatoes, lettuce, carrots and balsamic vinaigrette?
How much does it cost?
I don't like tomatoes.
How do I make chocolate fudge brownies?
How many calories are there in brownies?
How much do brownies cost?
I want to make breakfast.
I have four eggs and half a stick of butter.
I have a bag of cheddar cheese.
How much cholesterol is in that?
How long will this take?
Is this meal good for me?
I want a meal with fewer than 500 calories.
Let's start over.
How many eggs do I need for an omelette?
I want to make the cheese omelette.
Can I make it without cheese?
I am ready for the next step.
Nevermind.
Are there other ways to make this?
What else can I make?
Show me more recipes.
No meat products.
Substitute tofu for beef.
Replace milk with soy.
I want to barbeque something.
Let's bake something.
Which dish has the fewest ingredients?
How long is that in the microwave?
Do you know about alcoholic beverages?
How much of this can I eat?
What is the name of that dish with chicken and sauerkraut?
I want to make Mexican food.
Is Linguica French or Italian?
I need to eat more fruit in my diet.
I have Lettuce, Onion, and Tomatoes
I've got more Ham than Turkey
What ingredients am I missing?
How many steps does it take to make a casserole?
Is it easier to make chicken parmigian or chicken cordon bleu?
Can I make a cold dish?
I'd like to fix myself some nosh.
Thank you.
